There are Hello oversized 123
I would like to continue doing It is a hot player in not saw in the previous video
I went to buy a guitar a little while now I came to Ishibashi instrument
Ne
I do things that I bought a little I thought it would be good garden goods that say this is an even
This and if you look at all means that I also I'd such that Datte What
Moe about such a thing is relaxed fan pick not 10 years
I feel like I already had a guitar, but I collaborated with a small guitar
I though there'm such mean things are
It seems're also white guy that I Relax ish do that made it to the south motif
But it feels like I'm printing because my sister is touching because the character is dark .
I mean there
Feeling rough
It seems like that feels like having a non- slip role
It is such a feeling that it is not bad at all quite like a tether and a pile Dian pick of the sender
I feel a little thicker compared to
So Well, I feel it 's such a close to or heavy I say in Midiamupikku of Fender
To do
I said that it was good for picks of characters but now it's time to go
I wonder how practical it is, but I would like to use it from now on
I think it's pretty catchy and unnaturally smooth in the sense
If you get it just because you get too stuck
Great
ana
car
me
Hmm
car
hey yeah
bea
car
Well if sensibility get there was a feeling it 's such there is considerable work in than a major
I felt that I could make a smooth stroke Even when I played one string one string
About this caught was there a great good day consuming condition also I have and everyone is your favorite
It may be a place where it divides widely, but the pick of the character thing is absolutely
I feel that there is a place to focus on design
I wonder if it might not come with a pin, but there was also such a feeling
There was a feeling that practicality was also firm
Well, it is good only for this pick, but actually it is used as an accessory to Mr. Yoshida
Mr. Yoshida, especially family
Nde I think good for was gone gifts and money so you Well I could use it a lot of feeling
Ne
It is a character thing
There is a feeling that various processings and variations are increasing.
Let's think that there is something that will be fun even if you pick a pick
I said this as a devil pick as one of the flowers I say so, but by all means
You actually try it this way or join us
By whether not it good to try to take advantage of that way to think that
Well also next time now
I want to live in the city off the table
It is about that time